final example: BCP : mitigrating risk with a disaster recovery plan
last two lectures

Term2 : PCI can be talked but need detail what exact daa has been breached.
tell and explain the law. what has happened in the case

inheritance risk and risidual risk

scattered spider:
https://www.bbrown.com/us/insight/a-look-back-at-the-mgm-and-caesars-incident/

a list of threats, vulnerabilities
cost
a list of recommendations to reduce the risks
cost
cost-benefit analysis
reports

asset and configuration management : 
    how often do you check and update the service configuration?
        Recovery
    do you have a central place to monitor and adjust the assets and configurations?
        Detect

integrity in ticket master data breach:

integrity is all about ensuring that data is secure, complete and unaltered.

1, snowflake as the data hub: 
it integrate multiple datasources such as ticket, marketing, CRM,
    payment processors and third-party vendors.
breaks allows the attacks to read and modify the centralized data in snowflake as the integration hub
Impact: any downstream system relying on the integrated data( analytics dashboard,
    recomendation engine and fraud detection) could operate on corrupted or falsied data. for example
    the attacker could change the tickets record availability or event attendance numbers, causing
    overselling reports

2, downstream propagation;
snowflake data flows to multiple downstream system such as CRM, market automation analytics and customer service.
even a small tampering can propagate into all depending systems, compouding the errors.
for examples, errors in the snowflake sales data can lead to inaccurate business decision such as
mis-targeted market campaign or incorrect business revenue.

3, thir-party data sources.
ticketmaster integrate data from outside system such as EPAM system.
compromised third-party credentials means malicious or unverified data could enter the integrated datahub.
impact: integration pipeline might process false or inconsistent data recourds, thus undermining 
    the trust in the system.

4, auditing and validating challenges.
post the data breach, ticketmaster can not fully trust the integrated dataset without auditing.
so it need to verify the lineage and provenance for every dataset. the additional validation in
the integration process might slowdown the real-time pipelines.

5, real time vs batch pipelines
realtime pipelines are more vulnerable as the compromised data can propagate instantially while
batch pipeline can have the verification process before publishing the dataset. this data breach 
means the real-time analytics and recommendation system need be secured in their ETL pipeline whch
would caused slowdown in performance.
